2/4 Kyivskiy Shlyah Street, apt. 104                         Sergey Bezugliy
Boryspil 08300
Ukraine
                                                             Professional Skills
 -    Linu\x(Debian\Ubuntu, RHEL\CentOS\Fedora), FreeBSD, MacOS, Windows Work
 -    Ruby \ Ruby on Rails, Eli\xir \ Phoeni\x framework
 -    JavaScript, HTML, CSS, Bootstrap, Zurb Foundation, Materialize, MDL
 -    CouchDB, PostgreSQL, MySQL, MS SQL
 -    Git, Subversion
 -    Docker, VMware ESX
                                                         Professional Experience
Ruby Developer                                        Svitla Systems Inc.
Automation testing team
     
     Development of automated testing systems interacting with the payment terminals th
            Ethernet, internal communication protocols). Writing test cases, features and s
            of clients of Customer.
           Development of payment processing system emulator. Written on \Lua. HTTPS
            chain with Cucumber test environment and payment terminals.
           Deployment tasks related to Ruby on Rails based payment system(Creating R
            scripts, etc...).
IT department lead                                    UMS Logistics Company
Senior automated systems engineer
Main job   responsibility:
     •      Development of IT infrastructure.
     •      Managing IT integration processes.
     •      Interaction with customers in part of IT.
     •      System administration.
     •      Software development and deployment.
     •      Procurement of hardware, software and IT services.
     •      Introduction of quality management system in part of change management and
            9001 and 19 Key Elements(P&G).
     •      Participation in the development of the company
Software development:
Ruby on Rails. The front-end that e\xtends features of the warehouse management syste
information about stocks, produces documentation and reporting for Customers:
           Access to information about stocks of warehouses, lists of receipts and shipme
           Stock counting reports.
           Batch management.
           Products quality controlling tools.
           FIFO/LIFO picking algorithms.
           Documentation related to reception, shipment and transporting.

Support of network, servers, PBX Avaya.
Support of stuff in part of IT.
                                                           Self-employed Experience
Different jobs and tasks                                Self employed, small IT projects,                        April 2014 - Now
                                                        tried to start own projects, self-
                                                        learning
Elixir-lang and Phoenix Pramework
           Developing CouchDB HTTP adapter for Elixir and Phoenix framework. Early alpha: https://github.com/sbezugliy/couchdb_auth
           Started development related blog: http://www.testenv.top/
           Developing E-Commerce engine. Started using Ruby on Rails 5, now switched to Elixir, Phoenix and CouchDB
Tried to start own projects
           E-commerce projects using Ruby on Rails \ Spree commerce engine, PHP \ Magento, etc... Learnning princpiles of internal
architecture of different E-commerce systems.
           Web-site development
           IT support
Other jobs in IT and personal services
                                                                       Education
2006-2009 Sevastopol State Technical University, Faculty of Automatics and Computer Engineering.
System engineering.
                                                     Additional education and trainings
2009 Bureau Veritas.
Quality management system standard ISO 9001.
Certificate of internal auditor ISO 9001:2008
2010 English courses. Intermediate
                                                                       Languages
Native Russian
Fluent Ukrainian
Intermediate English
                                                                  Personal qualities
Analytical mind, fast learning, skills to self learning, initiative, versatile, skills to find causes of problem, able to understand foreign code

